What is Proxy curl?

Proxy curl is a LinkedIn profile scraping API that stores it's data in a postgresql data structure called LinkDB

LinkDB is a postgresql database of 117M public Linkedin Profiles.

Proxy curl can do the following for you;

Lookup people
Look up companies
Enrich people profiles
Enrich company profiles
Lookup contact information on people and companies
Check if an email address is of a disposable nature
Scrape 1M Linkedin jobs/ day in real time
Here are lists of solutions proxy curls offers;

Sales marketing automation Helping you identifying decision makers, buy signals and launch Facebook ads for B2B products.
Build data-driven applications with proxy curl api.
Investment signals with fresh alternative data like hiring velocity, identifying and tracking prospective founders.
Accelerate hyper-growth at your growth-stage start up with building an exhaustive list of prospects and pushing out growth campaigns with Facebook ads, bulk connection on linkedin and cold email campaigns.
Email Lookup API get verified work email addresses of linkedin profiles programmatically.
Reverse email lookup API lookup a linkedin profile from a work email address.
Employee Listing Endpoint get a list of past and present employees of any company.
Free API to check if an email belongs to a disposable email service.
Reveal API reveal the associated company from an IP address.
Simple ways to use proxy curl;

Person Profile Endpoint
Input: Person profile URL
Output: Profile data with profile picture, job history etc

Company Profile Endpoint
Input: Company Profile URL
Output: Company's profile picture, office locations etc

Work Email Lookup Endpoint
Input: Work email address
Output: Profile URL

Personal Email Lookup Endpoint
Input: Linkedin Profile URL
Output: List of personal email address

Employee Listing Endpoint
Input: Company Profile URL
Output: List of employees

Role Lookup Endpoint
Input: Company name and role
Output: Person Profile URL

Nubela (Proxy curl) abides by strict legal compliance kin obtaining data designed with a high bar security and privacy in mind which is CCPA and GDPR compliant.

Email proxy curl product manager, data science team, and head of growth: hello@nebula.co
